README.md, before:

# Completed Java Exercises from Exercism

# Concepts
Arrays - Bird Watcher: You track of how many birds have visited your garden in the last seven days.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/bird-watcher

Booleans - Annalyns Infiltration: Determine actions based on the state of three characters found and whether Annalyn's pet dog is present.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/annalyns-infiltration

Chars - Squeaky Clean: Implement a partial set of utility routines to help a developer clean up SqueakyClean names.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/squeaky-clean

Conditions - Blackjack: Simulate a strategy for the first turn of a Blackjack game.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/blackjack

Numbers - Cars, Assemble: Write code to analyze the production of an assembly line in a car factory. 
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/cars-assemble

Ternary Operators - Salary Calculator: Calculating the total salary of a employee in a month
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/salary-calculator

# Easy 
Difference of Square: Find the difference between the square of the sum and the sum of the squares of the first N natural numbers.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/difference-of-squares

Gigasecond: Given a moment, determine the moment that would be after a gigasecond has passed.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/gigasecond

Handshake Calculator: Given a decimal number, convert it to the appropriate sequence of events for a secret handshake.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/secret-handshake

Scrabble Score: Given a word, compute the Scrabble score for that word.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/scrabble-score

# Medium
Matrix: Given a string representing a matrix of numbers, return the rows and columns of that matrix.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/matrix

RotationalCipher: Create an implementation of the rotational cipher, also sometimes called the Caesar cipher.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/rotational-cipher

Triangle: Determine if a triangle is equilateral, isosceles, or scalene.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/triangle

Commit message:

Complete medium exercise - Flatten Array

README.md, after:

# Completed Java Exercises from Exercism

# Concepts
Arrays - Bird Watcher: You track of how many birds have visited your garden in the last seven days.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/bird-watcher

Booleans - Annalyns Infiltration: Determine actions based on the state of three characters found and whether Annalyn's pet dog is present.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/annalyns-infiltration

Chars - Squeaky Clean: Implement a partial set of utility routines to help a developer clean up SqueakyClean names.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/squeaky-clean

Conditions - Blackjack: Simulate a strategy for the first turn of a Blackjack game.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/blackjack

Numbers - Cars, Assemble: Write code to analyze the production of an assembly line in a car factory. 
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/cars-assemble

Ternary Operators - Salary Calculator: Calculating the total salary of a employee in a month
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/salary-calculator

# Easy 
Darts: Return the earned points in a single toss of a Darts game
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/darts

Difference of Square: Find the difference between the square of the sum and the sum of the squares of the first N natural numbers.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/difference-of-squares

Gigasecond: Given a moment, determine the moment that would be after a gigasecond has passed.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/gigasecond

Handshake Calculator: Given a decimal number, convert it to the appropriate sequence of events for a secret handshake.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/secret-handshake

Scrabble Score: Given a word, compute the Scrabble score for that word.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/scrabble-score

# Medium
Flatten Array: Take a nested list and return a single flattened list with all values except nil/null
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/flatten-array

Matrix: Given a string representing a matrix of numbers, return the rows and columns of that matrix.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/matrix

RotationalCipher: Create an implementation of the rotational cipher, also sometimes called the Caesar cipher.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/rotational-cipher

Saddle Points: Detect a Saddle point in a matrix
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/saddle-points

Triangle: Determine if a triangle is equilateral, isosceles, or scalene.
https://exercism.org/tracks/java/exercises/triangle
